Align mailbox validation points with section 1.1 (#59)
cabforum/smime: SBR.md

The CA SHALL NOT delegate the verification of mailbox authorization or control.

> **Note:** Email addresses MAY be listed in Subscriber Certificates using `rfc822Names` or `otherNames` of `type id-on-SmtpUTF8Mailbox` in the `subjectAltName` extension, in the Subject or in Subordinate CA Certificates via `rfc822Names` in permittedSubtrees within the `nameConstraints` extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Email addresses MAY be listed in Subscriber Certificates using `rfc822Names` or `otherNames` of `type id-on-SmtpUTF8Mailbox` in the Subject or in the `subjectAltName` extension, or in Subordinate CA Certificates via `rfc822Names` in permittedSubtrees within the `nameConstraints` extension.
```

#### 3.2.2.2 Validating control over mailbox via email

> The CA MAY confirm the Applicant's control over each `rfc822Name` or `otherName` of type `id-on-SmtpUTF8Mailbox` or each email address in the Subject to be included in a Certificate by sending a Random Value via email and then receiving a confirming response utilizing the Random Value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CA MAY confirm the Applicant's control over each `rfc822Name` or `otherName` of `type id-on-SmtpUTF8Mailbox` to be included in a Certificate in the `subjectAltName` extension and each email address in the Subject by sending a Random Value via email and then receiving a confirming response utilizing the Random Value.
```

#### 3.2.2.3 Validating applicant as operator of associated mail server(s)

> Confirming the Applicant's control over the Subject or `rfc822Name` or `otherName` of type `id-on-SmtpUTF8Mailbox` email address, by confirming control of the SMTP FQDN to which a message delivered to the email address should be directed. The SMTP FQDN MUST be identified using the address resolution algorithm defined in RFC 5321 Section 5.1 which determines which SMTP FQDNs are authoritative for a given email address. If more than one SMTP FQDNs have been discovered, the CA MUST verify control of an SMTP FQDN following the selection process at RFC 5321 Section 5.1. Aliases in MX record RDATA MUST NOT be used for this validation method.

Reviewer: Confirming the Applicant's control over each `rfc822Name` , `otherName` of type `id-on-SmtpUTF8Mailbox`, or other email address to be included in the Certificate, by confirming control of the SMTP FQDN to which a message delivered to the email address should be directed. The SMTP FQDN MUST be identified using the address resolution algorithm defined in RFC 5321 Section 5.1 which determines which SMTP FQDNs are authoritative for a given email address. If more than one SMTP FQDNs have been discovered, the CA MUST verify control of an SMTP FQDN following the selection process at RFC 5321 Section 5.1. Aliases in MX record RDATA MUST NOT be used for this validation method.

> Confirming the Applicant's control over the Subject or `rfc822Name` or `otherName` of type `id-on-SmtpUTF8Mailbox` email address, by confirming control of the SMTP FQDN to which a message delivered to the email address should be directed. The SMTP FQDN MUST be identified using the address resolution algorithm defined in RFC 5321 Section 5.1 which determines which SMTP FQDNs are authoritative for a given email address. If more than one SMTP FQDNs have been discovered, the CA MUST verify control of an SMTP FQDN following the selection process at RFC 5321 Section 5.1. Aliases in MX record RDATA MUST NOT be used for this validation method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Confirming the Applicant's control over each `rfc822Name` , `otherName` of `type id-on-SmtpUTF8Mailbox`, or other email address to be included in the Certificate, by confirming control of the SMTP FQDN to which a message delivered to the email address should be directed. The SMTP FQDN MUST be identified using the address resolution algorithm defined in RFC 5321 Section 5.1 which determines which SMTP FQDNs are authoritative for a given email address. If more than one SMTP FQDNs have been discovered, the CA MUST verify control of an SMTP FQDN following the selection process at RFC 5321 Section 5.1. Aliases in MX record RDATA MUST NOT be used for this validation method.
```
